# Steps Taken

# Step 1. Copy given resources
```bash
cd WindmillDashboard
```
```bash
git clone https://github.com/neuralix-ai/Hackathon_Dashboard.git
```
# Step2
```bash
mkdir "JupyterOutputs"
```

# Step3. Add this code snippet to each of the cells that makes a figure
```python
config = {
    'scrollZoom': False,
    'showLink': False,
    'displayModeBar': False
}

# Extract the title from the layout
title = fig.layout.title.text

html = pio.to_html(fig, validate=False, include_plotlyjs='cdn', config=config)

# Define the output directory path (one level up and inside 'Output' folder)
output_dir = os.path.join('..', '..', 'JupyterOutputs')

# Ensure the output directory exists
os.makedirs(output_dir, exist_ok=True)

# Construct the file path
file_path = os.path.join(output_dir, f'{title.replace(" ", "_").lower()}.html')

# Save the HTML to a file
with open(file_path, 'w') as file:
    file.write(html)
```

# Step 4. Import the html files to app.py
example
```python
with open('../JupyterOutputs/monthly_sum_of_lv_activepower.html', 'r') as file:
    monthly_sum_of_lv_activepower = file.read()
```

# Step 5. Display each of the plots using frame_card
Frame card is used to import plots generated by say bokeh matplotlib etc exported in html format.
```python
    q.page["monthly_sum_of_lv_activepower"] = ui.frame_card(
        box=("1 2 10 5"),
        title="",
        content=monthly_sum_of_lv_activepower,
    )
```
# Advantage
Very quick to implement for someone who has very basic understanding of H2O.
# Disadvantage
Navigation within plots not possible/might involve changes to the generated html.

# This implementation should be done only in very time constrained situations. It takes only 2-2.5 hours to fully implement this

# Requirements of the Hackathon

### Stage 1: Static Elements ✅

#### Preset File and Time Series Display 
- Create separate, navigable pages with a hierarchical list of pages according to the dashboard mockup slides. ✅
- Display charts relevant to each dashboard page. ✅
- Display simple statistics (mean, median, etc.). ✅
- Theme the dashboard to match our company’s website using screenshots for reference. ✅

### Stage 2: Interactive Elements

#### Dynamic Navigation and Interaction
- Enable navigation by clicking on specific elements that act as links to other pages of the dashboard. ❌
- Display valuable meta-data when hovering over information such as specific times and values. ✅

### Stage 3: Auto-Generating Dashboards Using LLMs

#### LLM Integration
- Set up a large language model (e.g., ChatGPT) to assist data scientists in generating similar dashboards from Jupyter notebook code. ❌
### Currently available LLM Models do not exactly 'understand' H2O Wave and generate buggy code. Debugging will be longer than the actual development. 
### Other tools which have a wider user base and thus more information publicly available, might be a better alternative for this stage
### For all practical purposes, H2O itself provides GenAI services powered by ChatGPT under the hood, namely H2O Driverless AI which automates data science and machine learning workflows.
Other examples include-
- Enterprise h2oGPTe: An AI-powered chat assistant for information retrieval on your internal data
- H2O GPT: Handles various NLP tasks such as text generation, summarization, and conversational interactions
- H2O LLM Data Studio: Streamlines and facilitates data curation, preparation, and augmentation tasks for LLMs
- H2O LLM Studio: A framework and no-code GUI designed for fine-tuning state-of-the-art LLMs
